Supervisor comments (#54)
chhoumann/p8: report/src/presence/co2.tex

\section{Presence detection using $\text{CO}_{2}$ }\label{sec:presence_env}
$\text{CO}_{2}$ falls under the category of an \textit{environmental system}. 
These system measure physical attributes of an environment, and reacts according to these measurements.

> These systems can be used to infer occupancy of rooms by detecting changes in environmental parameters caused by human presence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, such systems can be used to infer occupancy of rooms by detecting changes in environmental parameters caused by human presence.
```
"These" twice in a row sounds odd. Maybe my suggestion is not the right one - But consider something along these lines.

$\text{CO}_{2}$ sensors does this by measuring the level of $\text{CO}_{2}$ in the atmosphere within the room \cite{longoAccurateOccupancyEstimation2019, gruberCO2SensorsOccupancy2014}.

\citeauthor{longoAccurateOccupancyEstimation2019}\cite{longoAccurateOccupancyEstimation2019} summarizes a number of methods for occupancy detection using $\text{CO}_{2}$. 
The results shows accuracy of $\text{CO}_{2}$ measurements for occupancy detection is between 50\% and 99\%, depending on task and amount of occupants to estimate.
%Is it easier to detect many occupants?

> For $\text{CO}_{2}$ and other environmental systems, the accuracy of the prediction of whether a room is occupied or not, is vulnerable to even small changes to the physical environment in which the system resides.\cite{gruberCO2SensorsOccupancy2014,longoAccurateOccupancyEstimation2019}

Reviewer: Should the cite be moved further down to the end of the paragraph?

Author: No, the cites does not mention ventilation as an example - we picked it because it suits this system to consider ventilation.

Particularly, the ventilation flow rate of the room affects its $\text{CO}_{2}$ concentration. Opening doors or windows will thus have an effect on the accuracy of the approach.

> Since changes in $\text{CO}_{2}$ levels of the room are not immediatedly noticable, a system using this to detect occupancy will not be quickly detect a change in occupation.

Reviewer: The final sentence feels open ended. Feel like it should say something like: Therefore...

> This can be handled by analysing the gradient of increase in $\text{CO}_{2}$ levels\cite{gradient_co2}.

Reviewer: The final sentence feels open ended. Feel like it should say something like: Therefore...
